# WeatherGenerator

This is a weather generator that I created over the past week. I used Java for this project. I also used the OpenWeatherMap API to get my data. To run this weather generator, all that needs to be done is to run it in an integrated development environment and you will be able to use it. You can then enter the city you want and will get necessary weather data for your city. There is an information button created that will present information about the PM Accelerator company as soon as you are able to hover over the icon. I have the WeatherApp.java file which runs the instance of my generator on the interface. Next, the WeatherGUI.java file exists where I tell what to put on the screen for the user. This is where I come up with my different components, like what questions to ask the user, info button, submit button and my button and I place these elements within the borders. I use JTextField, JTextArea, and JButton to come up with the elements and then create effects on them. This is also where I receive user input, so I ask the user for the city and take it in for the backend to process. I take the city the user inputted and then I encode the given information so the backend is able to process all the inputs. Using the information, I fetch the required outputs from the backend, BackendforWeather.java as long as the user enetered a valid city. In the BackendforWeather.java, I connect to the URL with my API Key and then read the input from the input stream and then close the input stream. Then, I extract the data from the input stream using a JSON Format and further go into the data by creating the JSON Objects of different data from different parts of the API response call. I return the string with all weather related information and I kept all of this within the block of a try catch statement. This finished off how my weather generator should work. 
